- What is the difference between Array#map and Array#each? #card #betechquestions
  card-last-score:: 3
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-next-schedule:: 2021-11-13T23:42:43.303Z
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-ease-factor:: 2.36
  card-last-reviewed:: 2021-11-09T23:42:43.304Z
  collapsed:: true
	- Each allows you to iterate over every value in the array, but it doesn't collect the results; it always returns the original, unchanged array.  Map returns a new array where the values are the result of the block iteration.
- Name 4 ruby enumerables excluding each and map and give a brief example of what’s unique about each. #card #betechquestions
  card-last-score:: 3
  card-repeats:: 1
  card-next-schedule:: 2021-11-13T23:42:48.601Z
  card-last-interval:: 4
  card-ease-factor:: 2.36
  card-last-reviewed:: 2021-11-09T23:42:48.602Z
  collapsed:: true
	- include?: returns a boolean if the value asked for is present
	- max: returns the biggest/greatest value
	- min: returns the lowest/smallest value
	- select(find_all): collects all of the elements in an array that are the same or are true for the block iteration
	- to_a: returns an array of the given elements
- In as much detail as possible, describe the request-response cycle. #card #betechquestions
  collapsed:: true
	- When a user goes to google and types in a search and clicks send, that search is a request that the browser/client sends to a server/database.  The server/database then finds/retrieves the requested information and sends/responds back to the browser/client/user.
- What’s a module in Ruby? What’s the difference between a class and a module? What are some good use cases for modules? #card #betechquestions
	- A module is a collection of methods, variables and constants stored in a container
	- A class is able to have new instances instantiated, whereas a module cannot
	- A good use case for a module could be:
		- When you have a mathematical equation that would need to be utilized in a few different classes
		- When you want to share methods between classes
- What are a few ways to optimize a Rails application? #card #betechquestions
- What is HTTP and give a brief definition? #card #betechquestions
- What are three tools or strategies you use to prevent shipping unstable code to production? #card #betechquestions
- What’s a background worker? When would we want to use a background worker? #card #betechquestions
- What’s the difference between a session and a cookie? #card #betechquestions
- Explain a git merge workflow vs a git rebase workflow #card #betechquestions
- What’s the difference between authentication and authorization? What tools have you used to set up auth in the past? #card #betechquestions
- What is TDD and give a brief definition? #card #betechquestions
- What does API stand for and how do you define it? #card #betechquestions
- What does it mean to compile code? #card #betechquestions
- Tell me two advantages of testing your code #card #betechquestions
- How would you describe the prototype in Javascript? #card #betechquestions
- Here at Turing, you have used two types of testing Minitest and RSpec. Please give your opinion/comparison of the two. #card #betechquestions
- My production and development environments are using large sets of data. What are some ways to optimize my tests to run quickly, but be thorough? #card #betechquestions
- What is a Mock vs. a Stub in testing? When would you use each? #card #betechquestions
- What is yield in Ruby? What is it useful for? Give an example of where you would put it. #card #betechquestions
- Describe each of the four fundamental concepts of object-oriented programming. #card #betechquestions
- An enumerable by any other name still behaves the same. Give the other name for these 3 Ruby enumerables Detect, Select, Collect #card #betechquestions
- In as much detail as possible, describe DNS. #card #betechquestions
- What does it mean for a function to be deprecated? #card #betechquestions
- What does CORS stand for and what issue does it address? #card #betechquestions
- What is the difference between synchronous vs. asynchronous? #card #betechquestions
- What is the difference between a function declaration vs a function expression? #card #betechquestions
- In as much detail as possible, tell me about JSON Web Tokens #card #betechquestions
-